# Minutes Hack
This hack lets you add minutes to your account. Saddly, because of the way iReady works, you have to leave the website open, but you won't have to do anything while the hack does it's thing.

# How to Use
Simply open an iReady lesson, use ctrl + shift + i or "inspect element" to open developer tools, click on "console" and paste the code from [lesson.js](lesson.js) into the console and hit enter (note that this lesson.js is different from the one in the lesson skipper). Then, close the lesson. In the iReady menu, paste the contents of [external.js](external.js) and wait a second or two. At this point, you can do anything you want with your computer, play games, close the browser, shut it down, even. Just make sure to open iReady back up on the same device, paste the contents of [end.js](end.js) into the console, and when you refresh, the minutes you waited since you pasted lesson.js should be added to your lesson count. Note that opening the same lesson back up before pasting end.js might screw up the proccess.

Sure, you could just leave a lesson running, but the problem with that is that lessons pause themselves automatically after some time and when you are on a different tab/app, or while this hack works regardless. It is important, however, that your device remains on and the site remains open.You could use an autoclicker to prevent this, but that will stop you from being able to use your pc at the same time. 

# Alternate Method
This method ensures you don't accidentally add more miutes than you intend, but is more complicated to use and won't work if your computer is turned off or browser is closed during the time it is working.

Simply open an iReady lesson, use ctrl + shift + i or "inspect element" to open developer tools, click on "console" and paste the code from [lesson.js](lesson.js) into the console and hit enter (note that this lesson.js is different from the one in the lesson skipper). Then, close the lesson, open the console once again, and paste the contents of [alternate.js](alternate.js), hit enter, and wait the number of minutes that you entered. Then, when you refresh the page, you should see the minutes you entered previously were added to your account. It is only safe to close/refresh the tab if there is a message saying something like "__ minutes have been added to the account. Refresh and they should be there," otherwise, no minutes will be added.
